ANSWER TO QUESTION 1.
The 'let' keyword is used to declare variables that are block-scoped,
meaning they exist only within the block of code where they are defined(e.g
within a function or a loop).Variables declared with 'let' can be reassigned a new value.

The 'const' keyword is used to declare variables that are also block-scoped
but cannot be reassigned after they are defined. However, its important to note that 
the 'const' declaration does not make the variable itself immutable; it only prevents reassignment of the variable.

The main difference between 'let' and 'const' is that variables declared with 'const' are read-only and cannot be reassigned.
Whereas variables declared with 'let' can be reassigned.

ANSWER TO QUESTION 2.
Once a variable is defined, we can use its name to refer to its value and perform operations on it.
For example, if we have a variable named 'myVariable' we can use it in expressions, assignments, or pass it as arguments to functions.

ANSWER TO QUESTION 3.
In Javascript, we can declare a string by enclosing the text within single quotes('~') or double quotes("~").
For example: * Using single quotes: 'let spc = 'Hello World!';'
* Using double quotes: 'let spc = "Hello World!";' 

ANSWER TO QUESTION 4.
Yes we can create strings using either single quotes or double quotes. Javascript allows us to choose either of them to define strings.
For example, both of the following declarations are valid:
Single quotes: 'let spc ='Hello World!';'
Double quotes: 'let spc ="Hello World!";'
Using single quotes or double quotes is a matter of personal preference or following a consisted code style within a project.

ANSWER TO QUESTION 5.
'"9"' with quotes is a numeric literal, representing the number '9'.
It is a numeric value without the quotes.
The main difference is the data type: '"9"' is a string, whislt '9' is a number.
They have different behaviours when used in operations or calculations.

ANSWER TO QUESTION 6.
* Declarations: It refers to the act of creating a variable in JavaScript using a specific keyword('var', 'let', or 'const')followed by
variable name.
* Redeclaration: Redeclaration occurs when we attempt to declare a variable with the same name again within the same scope. In JavaScript,
variables declared with 'var' can be redeclared within the same scope,which may lead to unintended behaviour or bugs.On the 
other hand, variables declared with 'let' or 'const' cannot be redeclared within the same scope.
Assignments: It refers to giving a variable a value for the first time or changing the value of an
existing variable. We use the assignment operator('=') to assign a value.
